docs: add basic vision tool cookbook (#83)
gptscript-ai/gptscript: docs/docs/101-cookbook/vision.md

# Vision 

In this example, let's say that we want to create a `.gpt` script that uses vision to describe an image on the internet in a certain style.

1. Clone the vision tool repository from Github

    ```shell
    git clone https://github.com/gptscript-ai/vision
    ```

2. Install the tool's dependencies

    ```shell
    npm install
    ```

3. Create a file called `describe.gpt`.

    ```yaml
    Tools: sys.write, ./vision/tool.gpt
    Args: url: (required) URL of the image to describe. 

    Describe the image at ${url} as if you were the narrator of a Wes Anderson film and write it to a file named description.txt.
    ```

4. Run the script.

    ```shell
    gptscript describe.gpt --url "https://github.com/gptscript-ai/vision/blob/main/examples/eiffel-tower.png?raw=true"
    ```

## Recap

> In this example, we have created a GPTScript that leverages the `vision` tool to describe an image at a given URL. We gave it some flexibility by specifiying an argument `url` that the user can provide when running the script. We also specified gave the script a specific style to generate the description with.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example, we have created a GPTScript that leverages the `vision` tool to describe an image at a given URL. We gave it some flexibility by specifying an argument `url` that the user can provide when running the script. We also gave the script a specific style to generate the description with.
```
